[Serve] Add short-hand for pydantic http adapter (#24404)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/serve/http-servehandle.rst

        http_adapter=json_to_ndarray
    )

.. note::

>     Serve also support pydantic model as short-hand for http adapter in model wrapper. Instead of function,
>     you can directly pass in a pydantic model class to mean "validate http body with this schema".
>     Once validated, the model instances will passed to predictor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Serve also supports pydantic models as a short-hand for HTTP adapters in model wrappers. Instead of functions,
    you can directly pass in a pydantic model class to mean "validate the HTTP body with this schema".
    Once validated, the model instance will passed to the predictor.
```
please try to be more careful about grammar

Author: 😅 tyty

        dag = DAGDriver.bind(other_node, http_adapter=json_request)

.. note::

    Serve also support pydantic model as short-hand for http adapter in DAGDriver. Instead of function,
    you can directly pass in a pydantic model to signify "validate this schema with http body".
    Once validated, the model instances will passed as ``input_node`` variable.

    .. code-block:: python

>         from pydantic import BaseModel

Reviewer: same as above
